1. What is Semantic HTML? 
it dictates the structure of information presented in a website. it is the frame of website
    2. What is HTML used for? 
markup!
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
modifies an anchor, and only inside of an anchor
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is header one, the largest and most important. it should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    hyperlinks and images, you must add an attribute for either one to function
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    head! not header
    7. What is an id? 
    unique anchor for a specific place on a page
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    used for more specific styling purposes, used in tandem with css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any anchor
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as i please
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use a hyperlink anchor on the link <a href="http://yourlinkingattributehere.com"> here is the text hyperlink </a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    adds a description to an image, good for users who can't view an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #referenceanidlikethis
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is the trunk, divs are branches
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    style! it's the paint and varnish and facade of a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    call it in css, style built in css will affect every instance of the called element
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    you use an id to uniquely identify an element, such as a username
    you use a class when you have multiples of an element, such as buttons
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .callUponClassesLikeThis
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    in the previous example, p is the parent, human is the child. you can use these to make loops and cascades
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    defines special states of an element such as mouseover or onclick
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform capitalize, uppercase, or lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    using a border style, like so
div{
    border: 1px black;
    border-style: dotted;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    using an asterisk!
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*he commented just... like... THIS!!!*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filenamehere and it deletes it, not sending it to the recycle bin
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it creates a backup so that if a mistake is made, it can be reverted to a working version until a fix is ready
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or making a major change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u name branch
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork it in git
clone it in the terminal
cd into directory
branch it
add/edit it in visual studio
make commits
push it with the console
pull it on git
pick your branch
make a pull request
merge or close

Stretch Questions

    
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline is in a single line
    block is a block of code,
    much like this
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    you use percentages when administering sizing commands. 50% will make it take up 50% of the screen while still being able to use other syntax to adjust the width afterwards
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 




   --> 